Update README.md (#1)
hmrc/ios-components: README.md

//OR
view.setReader(trait: .menu)

```
## Helper Methods

### String.buildStackViewFromParagraphs() -> UIStackView

A string extension method which, ideally, takes a multiline string and returns a `UIStackView` containing a mixture of `UILabel` and `Components.Atoms.BulletLabelView`. 

> This is benificial for VoiceOver as each paragraph becomes read out individually instead of one large block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is beneficial for VoiceOver as each paragraph is selected and read out individually instead of one large block.
```
